---
type: 'post'
date: '2021-01-06'
image: '../../images/blog-post-2.jpg'
slug: 'post-2'
title: 'Who is Cartman'
published: true
---

Cartman is often shown to be a poor student, but excels in leadership and team organization which usually involves exploitation of others' weaknesses. Although having his origins as a secondary role as the comic foil, Cartman has evolved into a character of stunningly articulate manipulative talents and techniques. His abilities are deeply Machiavellian in nature, and his character follows closely in the footsteps of other famous manipulators such as the character Iago from William Shakespeare's Othello. In several episodes throughout the series, he employs this skill to get what he wants. His most frequent targets are adults and Butters, though he often targets other children for more personal purposes, including convincing Butters to "take one for the team" and be anally gang-raped by men from NAMBLA in "Cartman Joins NAMBLA", and repeatedly convincing Kyle that he is doing good, only to exploit Kyle's help later on. He talked the ginger kids out of killing all non-gingers after Kyle told him that they had played a trick on him in "Ginger Kids". Earlier in that episode, he had rallied all the gingers into a genocidal frenzy, convincing them that all non-gingers are inferior in a Hitler or KKK-esque way, as well as stage violent protests and march down the streets chanting "red power!". He then made them kidnap all the children in town and hold them in a cage over a pit of lava, but managed to convince them to stop when he was told by Kyle that his case of "Gingervitus" was a prank. Along the same line, in "The Passion of the Jew", he is able to rally all the members of the Mel Gibson fan club to march through the town while yelling, "Wir müssen die Juden ausrotten!" (We must exterminate the Jews!). However, it should probably be noted that they were ignorant of the true meaning of this phrase, mistaking it for Aramaic. But given the fact that it caused a large argument in the middle of the city between his group and some Jews, and given the violent and ignorant nature of most adults in South Park, it would not be surprising if it had turned into violence if allowed to continue. Cartman was also shown smiling in the background at the argument, as if all was according to his plan. He also demonstrates great understanding of the human mind and the way to exploit it. In the episode "Tsst", Cartman was able to drive several nannies from his house with insults and insinuation (even causing one to be put in a mental hospital). In the same episode, he also made one child saw his own leg off in a reference to the movie "Saw".

Cartman is a good strategist, organizer and speaker. He devises elaborate plans to achieve his goals, sometimes presenting them to his friends using a whiteboard. In "The List", he comes up with a plan (and later a second) to get the girls' list into the boys' possession. In "Make Love, Not Warcraft", when everyone else gives up playing World of Warcraft, he devises a plan to defeat 'the griefer' and successfully motivates the other boys to join him. In "Fatbeard", growing sick of school, he devises a plan to go to Somalia to become a pirate. He successfully convinces a group of friends to join him and leads the "expedition".
